Purpose:
  To edit photos by manipulating their pixels

Running:
  Select display as your main for running.
  Ensure all photos are in the main project folder.
  If you would like to sub a photo of mine out for your own,
  remove my photo from the folder, add yours, and then change
  the name of one of the images in the display constructor in 
  display.java.

Selecting A Photo: 
  There are two lists on the screen when the program is ran. 
  The top list allows you to select which photo that you want to 
  manipulate. The second list's selection is only used for the 
  overlay function and will not change anything as long as the 
  overlay button is not pressed.
  
Functions:
  Overlay:
    This button will place the images selected in the second list 
    on top of the selected image in the first list. This is done
    by taking the average of the rgb ints in each photo and setting
    those averages as the colors of the newly created photo.
  Black and White:
    Turns image black and white, by setting the red and green rgb #'s
    to the blue's rgb # since shades of gray are created when all three
    (r, g, b) are equal.
  Basic Colors:
    This function takes each pixel and finds which of the following colors
    is closest to it: Blue, Purple, Red, Green, Yellow, Black, White, 
    Orange. It then sets that pixel to that color.
  Minimalize:
    This function has multiple number options. I will use the *2 as an example
    and the rest will explain itself. This function takes the top left corner
    of every 2*2 square of pixels and sets all pixels in said square to the top
    left corners colors. After doing so, the function takes colors within a range
    of RGB 60 and colorizes those whithin the range equally. In other words, if 
    colors are similar, they will become the same.
  Shrink:
    This function shrinks the image by first doing the first step of minimalizing
    (creating squares within the image) and then reducing that image by making each
    square only one pixel. 
  Reflect Verticaly:
    This function reflects the image over a median vertical line. Essentially, the 
    algorithm starts at the median and a counter counts as the loop goes through 
    each horizontal line. Each pixel is set to the colors of the pixel "counter" spaces
    away from itself horizontally and equal to itself vertically. The counter resets 
    when the vertical position changes.
  Reflect Horizontally:
    This function works the same as "Reflect Vertically" except it does so over a median
    horizontal line. 
  Negative:
    This function negates the image by subtracting each rgb component from 255 and then 
    setting each component to that new value. ex. 255 -> 0 ex2. 200 -> 55.
  Darker:
    This function makes the image darker by dividing each rgb component by 2 and then 
    setting each component to that new value.
  Reflect Both:
    Performs "Reflect Vertically" and "Reflect Horiszontally."
  RESET:
    Resets the selected image to how it was originally.
  Stack Filters Toggle:
    This toggle button will determine if you can stack filters or not. If filters are able 
    to be stacked then multiple changes can be made at once. However, this may cause some errors.
    
    
  
